README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: Adding Postgres functionality in the deployed project
These steps also allowed us to link to the project locally. The url for Next's guide is added to the ReadMe.

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app), but you probably managed to work that out for yourself, smart!

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

Right so this project is part of Stephen Grinder's [Next JS: The Complete Developer's Guide](https://www.udemy.com/course/next-js-the-complete-developers-guide/) which was actively updated in January 2024, (which was recent when I originally typed this!) hosted on the Udemy platform.

It may be a little out of date (Next moves pretty fast!) but this guide to adding a deployed database and connecting it to the project was quite helpful as it's something I added to the project. In the course the project isn't deployed and simply employs Prisma locally:

[https://vercel.com/guides/nextjs-prisma-postgres](https://vercel.com/guides/nextjs-prisma-postgres)
